it's just getting smoky you can see that
oil is already cooking the meat check it
out guys this Trevor James hanging with
mr. Teresa we are in Turin
irin and today we're going for the
ultimate road trip to the north of Iran
we actually going to mall on the wrong
you're going to eat that sure and you're
gonna have lots of home cook foods in
more than a hundred home cook food they
are really nice
we're gonna go to fish market we're
gonna go fishing we're gonna cooking
we're gonna have a whole haha it's gonna
be amazing
this is part four of nine of our
ultimate Iran food playlist and today
mr. tasters bringing us in extremely
deep right into the mountains of
northern Iran for an ultimate extremely
rare village meal and whole lamb cooked
for some of the most unique ingredients
in the world huge thanks to mr. taster
and to Ali from come to Persia and to
northern Iran gonna be a wonderful trip
over the color beautiful rivers pristine
forest and we are just driving through
the winding roads of North Iran going
we're going to Mahmoud Abbas to have the
whole lamb the lamb just phoned me
really yeah the lamb says you're waiting
for you
gonna be good and these roads stunning
beautiful scenery this is so beautiful
the snow-capped mountains forests the
clouds beautiful country and here we are
you have your mother more than that
yeah near the Caspian Sea yeah and the
first meal oh oh yeah maybe yeah
northern style
yeah northern aside beautiful right here
we're gonna make a whole lamb yeah the
whole arm is ready and also we've got
other stuff that you can see order in
style
yeah a month we call it wasn't irony but
underneath yeah or northerners she's the
owner and chef of here oh really
nice to meet you right into the kitchen
so this is the whole lab the whole paper
oh yeah baby lamb and this is gonna be
stuffed yeah it's gonna be a soft I'm
gonna be proud first laugh right
yeah and they put your cookies in
available here what is this killer onion
onion this is like all the soil teacher
old stuff and what do we have over here
we've got a doc here
doc yeah what is this cookin we're cups
of peaches like like peach and whatever
they haven't even got Roasters here
rooster
yeah it's almost the same sources over
there and what's this here this is fish
and john herschel warlocks and cooking
from the day before is the key of the
beautiful version is to it is
and some local butter as well local
batter yeah and here we go we're gonna
start the lab so it's gonna get fried in
this oil first right in the oil so first
fry and then stop yes she's just
throwing that boiling oil visibility
into the belly oh here comes the flip
like another flip so this is northern
style yeah hey dude yeah are there's fog
on the honey thunder any style it's just
getting smoky the skin is starting to
cook and get a little bit crispy yeah
what's this it's go for Booker butter
boy yeah that's that's a big friggin
[Laughter]
thing and listen to that sizzle there's
nothing more satisfying than hearing
this sizzle yeah it's like a sample in
it yeah it's beautiful
that is truly beautiful all of the
cooking the meat oh and what's this here
it's it's got sour orange yeah tomato
paste tomato and this is gonna be put
inside as well yeah I was gonna boil it
into you know they're gonna put on top
put on top yeah sour orange yeah and
tomato yeah I'm some peaches peaches
that smells sometimes yeah you know it
just smells really delicious you guys
could be not zero it's not
yeah I actually I made a mistake because
we we suffered after we were boiling
okay so boil it and then stop it exactly
it's gonna boil a couple hours hours
three hours you can back in three hours
now we're gonna go to movies Marcus okay
okay
should we kill up the door that is one
of the most unique smells see you in
three hours and now we're gonna go to a
fish market okay to see the fish see the
fish and also get one for tomorrow
yeah and we're gonna see the vegetable
and food market is there awesome
and while the lamb was cooking we made
our way to the fish market and witnessed
the fish right on the Caspian Sea yeah
[Applause]
so the people here are they buying it
for their home cooking or they buy it's
not normally the sellers coming and
doing the auction and if they've been
they sell it to people they'd be so
exact there's a lot of fish here he's
the white fish yeah it's the best fish
after the sturgeon one really yeah it is
yeah and we're gonna be having this at
home cook me up we're gonna have it
tomorrow tomorrow and this is the duck
fish Oh duck fish and what do we have
here what type of these anchovy anchovy
yeah and this is the most delicious fish
the last moment yeah all right and he
bought it already for you oh so we're
gonna cook it tomorrow in the village
house the area yeah
restaurant open late word press tonight
and the whole lamb is going yeah he's
gonna go right here
ronk yeah it gets all the truth eggs
into it you're gonna try it oh my god
good whoa you can see it's fatty and
lean combined yeah look at the silver
for those off so this is gonna go right
yeah over top oh and here it comes
look at that so this is northern you got
any style we're right in the belly yeah
that smells so fragrant more than local
herbs beautiful thank you that's it
thank you
[Applause]
and this is the also pull out yeah it's
saffron look at that look at all pulling
the head the neck yeah oh it's just
falling apart oh my God look at that oh
my god saffron rice it feel great
look at the collar there look at the fat
in there bubbling it's bubbling all
sauce with the peach yeah pomegranate
look at
[Music]
like this week it is from the page yeah
the sourness coming from polygon mm-hmm
and then savoriness from those onions
exactly and mix it with dill rising
saffron making so delicious Wow for some
party here for you oh my god
uranium's loves toddy just a little
crispy on the bottom it is crispy yeah
oh yeah yeah crispy so you can you can
put some sauce on it oh thank you gopher
oh I think this right here is the best
lamb I've ever tasted
really yeah I love oh my god labor
welcome to heaven this is the best part
of it is that this is for you
[Laughter]
what do you think thank you
really soft can you please tell her it's
the best man I've ever had me you could
birthday and it was finally a guitarla
for this how do you like it best lamb
I've ever had we've got surprise for
tomorrow tons more yeah tongue warm more
local foods ready and the next day we're
getting up bright and early to visit a
local village for one of the rarest
meals ever seen on this channel we're
having three meals and spending a whole
day deep in the mountains of mazandaran
having an unforgettable
experience you're gonna love this deep
in the mountains we made it hey des
made it finally beautiful mountain home
[Music]
this is taking away the bad spirits yeah
this is quality to spend this is
breakfast breakfast they made it their
selves cuz I'm I miss my I see oh you're
my son they see oh honey yeah honey they
go with the bread yes and this is the
Roy's okay for the breakfast look at
that it's like a rice cake yeah yeah
right on the fire yeah oh well here come
the eggs Wow right over the fire look at
those eggs the butter is just melting in
there you're not who you're an host
Kenny there's Gilly and it's already the
breakfast is already right in the
mountain oh wow this is amazing so we're
just gonna sit down and join them oh and
this is the local tea made with charcoal
hold on yeah we've got cheese on top
we've got sesame and sugar that you can
put it on your raw release
yeah we've got beans here all right okay
we've got butter oh so this is like a
local cream yes and some honey some
honey yeah
this carpet is so comfortable and the
Wallaces yeah such a healthy breakfast
Oh what is that the egg in the clouds
hanging with local family yeah eggs are
delicious oh that's amazing
this is 14 that's the thing then there
was no electricity
Derek making the tea like that with the
coal yeah this is the rice here the
baked rice with cheese Wow
we're seeing it covered in goat cheese
right in the mountains whoa and this
bread is with caraway cinnamon sugar and
you can just dip it in the honey yeah
hmm so you take the rice Wow it's cooked
broad bean like a broad bean stew over
rice with cheese mm-hmm it's all about
this that's orange thank you I'm not
cheating
starting the lunch now making rice
Persian rice straining it so we're
adding in caraway seed into the rice and
then turmeric on the bottom of the pan
that's beautiful Persian grain rice with
caraway Wow beautiful home and look at
this guy's this went for a little walk
and now look at this local version home
in the mountains look at this Wow
hello thank you here we go we're gonna
make some tea right into that tea cup
and there's the roast chicken right over
the coals also we've got hot oil Wow
that is a beautiful chicken oh and
here's the rice this is that steamed
rice yeah with turmeric on the bottom oh
and here we go we're gonna fish now this
is truly amazing there is no food in the
whole world better than that cooked by
the grandmother with love and there it
is we cook the Caspian fish in the oil
it's normally this kind of fish is
smaller but we got the big ones yeah
we're gonna do the most anticipated flip
yeah oh she's Pro oh and that just
smells of me yeah and the food just
keeps coming
got homegrown peppers Wow and we got a
lamb parsley and spinach stew here as
well and here's the anchovy oh that's
the best rice red rice yeah oh and this
is the cooking edge cuckoo cuckoo oh and
here's the real magic the moment of
truth we're gonna add these raisins and
the rice together the best race in the
world Andrew the saffron saffron and
race and you know that the saffron is
most I mean more expensive than go yeah
that's pure pure gold right there it is
yeah and we gonna eat gold oh look at
how it's mixed up we're gonna cover
there saffron raisins and Persian rice
look at the color all of that is gold oh
yeah
oh and here's the roast chicken stuffed
with pomegranate and walnut look at the
truth oh and this is eggplant and
pomegranate and that right there is the
most beautiful rice you'll ever see
Oh rice and saffron and Persian rice
grown here in the north in the mountains
turmeric on the bottom and this Venus
and caraway seed in there yeah and this
is such a beautiful meal oh you like it
yeah good good so we got three different
types of rice yeah we've got deer eyes
we've got actually risen Troy's raising
rice so this one is the upside down
right down here and then all right here
is the goose yeah that's the goose and
the next one is chicken oh and it's
stuffed with walnut yeah oh look at the
filling there oh it's meat yeah and
nutty exactly yeah and that's inside the
goose
I believe got cuckoo cuckoo yes which is
egg and vegetables I'm someone locked in
it
all right I'm walnut yeah oh it's really
herbal yeah and I loved how they crunchy
on the bottom yeah thank you have a fish
oh thank you
fried anchovy sour orange go on top love
these flavors sour it's a real contrast
between citrus and fresh yes oh and you
can true through all the little tiny
little bones and this is what I'm really
looking forward to try from the
mountains you got grown in the north
right yeah oh thank you that's beautiful
that's the chicken yeah Thank You mercy
and that's the goose very sick
[Music]
Wow
messy messy want to mention that right
there is the best race in the world
without a doubt it's so fluffy there
really is nothing better here on gosh
Kelly Iran question Kelly we've been
hanging out for a few hours now and
there's one more dish there's a table
under here and we're putting a big
horsey horsey yeah start with the palm
yet you just do it like this we call it
a blombo blombo yeah Oh like this it's
juicy you can feel it yeah it explodes
his life the pomegranate just explodes
you know how stress there yeah this is
Iranian noodle and here it is the ash
resting Wow and we've got some sauces
for it there it is
the iranian noodle Oh mint curd and
chili chili yeah that's yesterday yes
thank you
hey hush Martha this is very delicious
so there it is the azure stick with the
purple noodle bean may be limp Italy and
I love there's mint on top curd and
chili this is the noodle mmm wow it's
gorgeous
mmm and it's so wholesome the beans and
the lentils and the noodles there's
noodles in Iran yes and there's
definitely curd in there it's milky and
Nick it's like a milky Lam minty Urbo
noodle very unique and this is a family
sound it is and it's Corsi Corsi we put
our feet here
and we warm up our feet there's a heater
underneath I'm just sitting together
talking to each other enjoying it's
really good with the family with the
family it's very well just soil you know
those that we used to be ages ago but
it's where now it's really rare yeah
it's one of the top five foods in Iran
yeah oh yeah we came all the way into
the mountains to try the real deal of
the purest version pigs hmm horse of ID
wonderful family
merci you guys can check out Hameed's
Instagram mister dot taster in the
description below
yeah thanks a lot for that amazing day
just send me a message I'll be your host
you don't need to pay anyway Wow
it's been amazing and a wonderful family
thanks for watching guys